c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\obj\Debug\BlankPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\obj\Debug\BlankPage.g.cs
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\bin\Debug\Assets\Logo.png
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\bin\Debug\Assets\SmallLogo.png
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\bin\Debug\Assets\SplashScreen.png
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\bin\Debug\Assets\StoreLogo.png
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\bin\Debug\RssReaderCs.exe
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\bin\Debug\RssReaderCs.pdb
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\bin\Debug\RssReaderCs.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\obj\Debug\BlankPage.xaml
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\obj\Debug\RssReaderCs.exe
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\obj\Debug\RssReaderCs.pdb
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\kyle\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\RssReaderCs\RssReaderCs\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
